netstat: add osx page (#12793)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/netstat.md

# netstat

> Display network-related information such as open connections, open socket ports, etc.

> > More information: <https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?netstat(1)>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://keith.github.io/xcode-man-pages/netstat.1.html>.
```

**Ref**. https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#heading

> - Displays the PID and program name listening on the given protocol listen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display the PID and program name listening on a specific protocol:
```

**Ref**. https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#imperative-mood

Author: Thank you I read the style guide but wasn't being very attentive:P
